Add unsupported LINQ types info (#2336)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/dotnet/crud/filter.txt

- An operator
- A value of any type used by realm (string, date, number, boolean, etc.)

.. note:: 

>    Currently, the Realm .NET SDK doesn't support all of the LINQ operators. Refer 

Reviewer: I'd suggest spelling out as `does not` to emphasize the negative

>    Currently, the Realm .NET SDK doesn't support all of the LINQ operators. Refer 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Currently, the Realm .NET SDK does not support all of the LINQ operators. Refer 
```

   ``StringComparison.Ordinal``. For the ``Like()`` method, the second 
   parameter is a boolean value (where "true" means "case sensitive").

.. _dotnet-unsupported-linq:

Unsupported LINQ Operators
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The following LINQ operators are not currently supported by the Realm .NET SDK:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 40 60

   * - Category
     - Unsupported Operators

   * - | Grouping

>      -   - ``Group``

Reviewer: Should this be `GroupBy`?

Author: Great catch!

>    * - | Sets

Reviewer: The seemingly random order stands out especially in this group -- is there a reason the SDK docs put them in this order or could we possibly put them in alpha order?

     -   - ``Distinct``
         - ``Union``
         - ``Intersect``
         - ``Except``

   * - | Partitioning
     -    - ``Take``
          - ``Skip``
          - ``TakeWhile``
          - ``SkipWhile``
  
   * - | Projection
     -   - ``SelectMany``
         - ``Select``, with one exception: when used with the query syntax, ``Select`` 
           is supported as long as you select the Realm object itself and not a 
           derivative:
           
           ``var tasks = from t in realm.All<Task>() where t.Assignee == "Caleb" select t;``

   * - | Concatenation
     -   - ``Concat``
         - ``Join``. While ``Join`` is not supported, it is not needed with Realm. 
           Instead of using keys in a Join statement, as you would in a traditional 

>            relational database, instead reference another type as a property.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           relational database, you can reference another type as a property.  
```
